Happy cooperation
happy
Come to my brother
Hahahaha
Xiaoya
I want to marry you
Are you serious?
Yes
I want to take care of you for the rest of my life
Will you marry me?
I want to take you to meet my mom
Is it a little too fast?
Well, I want to marry you sooner rather than later.
Every day with you
OK
Mom, this is my girlfriend, Auntie Xiaoya. Hello
This is for you.
Leave it there and sit
sit
What do you call it?
My name is Li Xiaoya
I heard that you are younger than Yufeng
What do you do?
I work part-time at a modeling agency
modeling agency
OK
I heard that your circle is very chaotic.
You can't be that kind of girl, can you?
Our family is not some random girl
Anyone can get married